---
title: Manuscript images from the Homer Multitext project
layout: page
---

- [Venice, Biblioteca Marciana 454 = 822](./msA/v1/) ("the Venetus A").   All images derived from originals ©2007, Biblioteca Nazionale Marciana, Venezia, Italia. The derivative images are ©2010, Center for Hellenic Studies. Both original and derivative images are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0 License. The CHS/Marciana Imaging Project was directed by David Jacobs of the British Library.
- [Venice, Biblioteca Marciana 453 = 821](./msB/v1/) ("the Venetus B"). All images derived from originals ©2007, Biblioteca Nazionale Marciana, Venezia, Italia. The derivative images are ©2010, Center for Hellenic Studies. Both original and derivative images are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0 License. The CHS/Marciana Imaging Project was directed by David Jacobs of the British Library.
- [Escorial Monastery, codex Υ 1.1](./e3pages/v1/). Images were made possible by the kind cooperation and permission of the Real Monaste rio de San Lorenzo de El Escoria, José Luis del Valle Merino, O.S.A., Director, and are dervied from images (c) 2010, The University of Kentucky, Center for Visualization and Virtual Environments. Original and composite images are licensed under the Creative Commons Non-Commerical, Attribution, Share-Alike, Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.
- [Escorial Monastery, codex Ω 1.12](./e4pages/v1/).  Images were made possible by the kind cooperation and permission of the Real Monaste rio de San Lorenzo de El Escoria, José Luis del Valle Merino, O.S.A., Director, and are dervied from images (c) 2010, The University of Kentucky, Center for Visualization and Virtual Environments. Original and composite images are licensed under the Creative Commons Non-Commerical, Attribution, Share-Alike, Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.
